StarGenerator

This is the ongoing work of transferring my StarCreator Excel document into a Java application. Still unsure of it's final form. Probably inte will be a desktop application delivering a cluster of stars and planet systems with complete physical characteristics and also populated with biology (where applicable) and civilisations.

Inspired by GURPS Traveller with additional information from multiple sources (list will provided later).

This is a new direction with a Graphic User Interface using JavaFX (due to IDE shenaigans I feel it was best to start a new repository).

There is now a runnable .Jar file in the rpository with a version that actually produces some results to view.

Todo (2017-09-01) (in no particular order)
Multiple star systems
Moons
Expand on Lifeforms (rigth now they are just true/false (with true equalling Oxygen breather).
exotic captured objects (in planetary and lunar orbits)
Develop Asteroid belts further.
Saving persitent.
Editing descriptions (no idea to be able to do this before saving is enabled)
Server version with webb interface
Java docs and manual (but that is  hardly worth the effort until a less fluent version is due)
Art ....

version 0.2 (2017-09-04)

There was quite simple to add  methods for printing a page and saving so I added a new version. 

The save method is extremely basic and the main problem is that it will not be updatesafe. ie the save will be lost when a new app version is started. As I plan to add SQL at some point I don't want to put to much effort into that system at this stage.


version 0.1 (2017-09-01) First Working Version

Contains a working starsystem generator. Generates a basic system with central star, planets, gas giants and asteroid belts. The planets has all nessecary facts included and displayed. 
Known issues:
The graphics is on placeholder level and will be improved up on at a later point.
Sometimes edge cases produces really strange planets
Atmoshperes tends to be high pressured, the algorith needs fine tuning.
No way to save or print the generated system.
The rangeband function feels iffy

2017-08-11 Still a unnumbered work in progress.
